[IMP] ecommerce: doc about orders paid with Payment Acquirers (#915)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/websites/ecommerce/shopper_experience/payment_acquirer.rst

transaction, along with a link to the related Journal Entry.

.. image:: payment_acquirer/transaction-info.png
   :align: center
   :alt: page with details surrounding the specific transaction

.. note:: Specific messages are provided to your customers for every
   payment status whenever they are redirected to Odoo after the transaction.
   To edit these messages, go to the *Messages* tab of the payment
   method.

Automatically generate invoices at order
========================================

When the order is confirmed, you can also choose to have an invoice automatically issued
and paid. This fully-automated feature is designed for businesses that invoice
orders right away.

To do automatically generate invoices at order:
  - Go to :menuselection:`Website --> Configuration --> Settings --> Invoicing`.
  - Then, under the **Invoicing Policy** option, select *Invoice what is ordered*.
  - Then activate *Automatic Invoices* and *Save*.

.. image:: payment_acquirer/automatic-invoice.png
   :align: center
   :alt: example of automatic invoice

Capture payment after the delivery
==================================

> With this mode (which is only available with Authorize.net), the order is confirmed, but the amount
> is kept on hold. Once the delivery is processed, you can capture the payment from the related Sales
> Order.

Reviewer: Although this part is correct, I'd rephrase it a bit. The "capture mode" is being added to Adyen and Stripe as we speak and I'm pretty sure that this doc won't be updated accordingly when it's done.

Instead, why not formulate it like this:
```suggestion
If the acquirer handling the payment is configured to capture amounts manually, the order is confirmed but the amount is kept on hold. Once the delivery is processed, you can capture the payment from the related Sales
Order.
```

Reviewer 2: I had no idea the capture mode was being developed. Thanks Antoine.

.. seealso::
   - :doc:`../../../general/payment_acquirers/payment_acquirers`
   - :ref:`Payment Acquirers: Place a hold on a card <payment_acquirers/capture_amount>`

>    - :doc:`../../../general/payment_acquirers/authorize`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Following the previous comment, the exhaustive list of acquirers supporting manual capture should be added in the appropriate doc section.

Reviewer 2: I'll do that on a different PR, but sure, let's remove it from here.
